Make webpage up to date (#104)
Pelagicore/pelux.io: releases.md

* Neptune 3 UI

### Known issues
* When running the QtAS versions of the platform, there are no ttys allocated on
  the terminal. To get a terminal, ssh to the target. If you don't know the IP
  address of your target, use arp-scan to search for it on your network. You can
  also select the Qt button at the bottom right corner of the home screen and
  scroll down to see the IP address.
* Rasperry Pi 3 (Qt Auto Neptune variant):
  - There are widgets and applications which are not functional. A workaround
    is to force the UI into single process mode. Add argument
    *--force-single-process* to neptune3-ui in the unit file for the neptune
    service. You can either edit source file
    *sources/meta-pelux/layers/b2qt/recipes-qt/automotive/neptune3-ui/neptune.service*
    before building the image, or login to target via ssh and edit file
    */lib/systemd/system/neptune.service* followed by a reboot.

>   - The Neptune 3 UI is not running as smooth as the former Neptune UI on

Reviewer: "running as smoothly"

Author: fixed

>     Rasperry Pi 3, but on NUC it's not an issue.

Reviewer: Do we want to write "RPi 3B+" here also?

Author: it's a problem on the non-plus variant too, so likely all rasperry pis

  is therefore not functioning as intended.
* When running the QtAS versions of the platform, there are no ttys allocated on
  the terminal. To get a terminal, ssh to the target. If you don't know the IP
  address of your target, use arp-scan to search for it on your network. You can
  also select the Qt button at the bottom right corner of the home screen and
  scroll down to see the IP address.

> * Qt Auto Neptune image on Rasperry Pi 3 is broken: All apps are not accessible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Qt Auto Neptune image on Rasperry Pi 3 contains known bugs: All apps are not accessible
```

Author: propose change to "is not working properly"

    - branch PELUX-3.0
    - tag v3.0

* PELUX Development Handbook
    - URL: [https://github.com/Pelagicore/software-factory](https://github.com/Pelagicore/software-factory)
    - branch PELUX-3.0

>     - tag v3.0

Reviewer: The "Older releases" section hasn't been updated to point to the "releases" instead. I built this PR manually and could see some htmlproofer errors pointing to this.
